Please check the resources section of this lecture.
There is a PDF download available.
In this lecture, we are going to start configuring Engine X server blocks, the server blocks are responsible
for displaying your sites.
The initial steps we need to back up what is called the default file.
Then we we're going to remove all the comments from the default file.
And we need to confirm the path to see if there is only one configuration file and that is default and
its path EDC Engine X sites available.
The commands we will use in the section.
You've used them all before except the find command sudo find slash indicates the route hyphen name,
followed by the name of the file that will display the path to our seven FPM file.
We still inside the ATC Ingenix directory on the right hand side sites available.
It's changed to the sites available.
Directory listing of the sites available directory indicates one file called default.
We need to make a backup copy.
I'm going to call a default dot back.
We can now open the default file using neno sudo neno default.
There are a lot of comments in this file.
An easy way to remove them is to use control.
CC control.
CC will erase an entire line at a time.
Please don't hold back down Tappet.
You can stop once server reaches the top, you can go to the line SSL configuration and you can erase
all those comments.
Route stays there.
The comment and index start up.
We can leave under location first attempt and as you can remove past the scripts, you can remove two
lines.
The line in between include and with.
You can remove with and force CGI pos you can remove, leave the rest intact.
Deny you can remove.
The last hash and the closing curly bracket you can remove underneath the closing bracket for the server
context, you have virtual host configuration, you can remove all those.
At location, remove only the hash the line hash with seven FPM, you can remove that entire line,
you can remove the hash at Fast CGI Pass as well as the hash for the closing bracket for that particular
location context.
This is what your default file should look like.
We have removed all the comments.
The file is now a lot easier to work with.
I'd like you to take note near the bottom file.
CGI Pass Uniques Run P seven.
If not suck.
It's the path that concerns us.
Slash, run, slash, slash the filename you can exit NENO saving the changes you have made to default
its test.
The configuration of Ingenix.
The syntax is OK and the test is successful.
Let's run the fine command sudo find slash ifour name seven hyphen fpm dot suck.
The past that is being displayed to us matches the past in the default file.
Slash run slash slash the filename.
For one two eight zero four.
You need to confirm the path to P seven point two if RPM was a one two six zero four, when we use defined
command, we were looking for the location of the seven.
If PM dot sackful with 18 zero four, we want to confirm the location of P seven point two hyphen fpm
dot sukh.
So in your default engine xfire the fast CGI pass run p p p p seven point two hyphen fpm dot soc.
With 20 04, you will be using seven point four, so you need to confirm the path to the seven point
four.
If we suck for the command to find the path to the seven point four hyphen, if dot soc file is so,
you do find slash hyphen name of seven point four hyphen.
If hpm dot succ, you need to run that command and make a note of the past that that command will display
to you.
After running the fine command, you can confirm the path to the seven point four.
If PM SSAFA the pass will be slash, run, slash, slash seven point four 1/2 and if not suck if you
open the default engine.
Exe file using then the directive of fast CGI underscore pos unix.
Look at the pass slash four run speed followed by the soc filename.
Now what you need to do is remove the slash far from the path to the seven point four sackful.
I prefer to have the exact path listed in configuration files after making the changes.
The first CGI pass directive.
The pass is now slash, run, slash, slash seven point four hyphen fpm dot suck.
That is the path that the sudo find command displayed the to match.
Before we continue, we need to look at the location context.